Fixes #22395: Link to ansible plugin in ansible policies in docs 7.2 leads to doc 5.0 (#553)
Normation/rudder-plugins: ansible-policies/README.adoc

There is also an Ansible plugin available to use the Rudder inventory, groups and node properties in your Ansible playbooks.

> To get more information about it, see the https://docs.rudder.io/reference/7.2/administration/integration.html[dedicated documentation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get more information about it, see the https://docs.rudder.io/reference/current/administration/integration.html[dedicated documentation]
```
